More text (#2)
elichad/software-twilight: README.md

<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0" src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by/4.0/88x31.png" /></a><br />This work is licensed under a <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License</a>.

# software-twilight

Software end of project plans

## License
This project is licensed under the CC-BY license. You are free to:
* Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format
* Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material for any purpose,
  even commercially.

The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license
terms.

The full text of the license can be found [here](https://github.com/elichad/software-twilight/blob/main/LICENSE.md).

## Introduction

Development of software under a fixed-term project should consider several

> aspects of ongoing support after the project's end.  There are two main
> eventualities: the software's development abruptly ends; although not seeing
> more feature development there is some end-user support.  Each of these
> means a problem.  Ending of support reduces the sustainability of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
aspects of ongoing support after the project's end.  There are two main
eventualities:

1. the software's development abruptly ends;
2. there is some end-user support, although there will be no new feature development.

Each of these presents a problem. Ending support reduces the sustainability of the
```

> environment while ongoing maintenance requires the dedication of further

Reviewer: ```suggestion
environment, while ongoing maintenance requires the dedication of further
```

resources.

Under the software twilight plan, the project's developer will be aware of
necessary considerations.  This repository is intended to be used to assess and
guide a project maintainer in plans for the software's end of life.

We provide a tool to be used by a project maintainer to assess and certify

> support plans for the project after it has ceased to be actively developed.

Reviewer: This sentence might be misunderstood as only directing people to use the twilight repo at the end of their project. We should clarify that they can use it at any point to inform (potential) users about their project's current/future support plans.

On completion of a short questionnaire the user is offered a badge to add to

> the repository to signal to the community that the software will go gentle
> into its good night.

Reviewer: 😆 

```suggestion
the repository to signal to the community when, and how, the software will go gentle
into its good night.
```

## Available badges

We have badges which look look like and mean the following:
* BADGE1 - we have a (good) plan
* BADGE2 - twilight is coming up at THIS TIME
* BADGE3 - we followed a slightly different decision path

## Question themes

The tool covers a number of themes, including:
* potential funding for ongoing development
* required levels of future support
* deployment infrastructure required
* size of user community
* size of maintainer group

> * status of ongoing contact with main developer(s)/development group

Reviewer: I like the inclusion of the themes in the readme.

## Running

> Follow "Launch binder".

Reviewer: We could just add the markdown code here, too.

## Design

The tool is designed in two parts: a front-end web-interface with which
the user interacts to answer various questions (in the form of a decision

> tree); a back-end which communicates questions, processes answer and pops

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tree); and a back-end which communicates questions, processes answers, and pops
```

out a badge for onward display.

> It's so Python.

Reviewer: Pythonic?

Though, then we need to decide if that is Pythonic....
